Enable add and remove worker endpoints (#50)
rapid7/komand-plugin-sdk-python: README.md

## Changelog

> * 3.3.0 - Add webserver route to allow for threading changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3.3.0 - Add webserver route to allow for process worker changes
```
